OSDOCS-9800: CAS expanders (#74917)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-autoscaler-cr.adoc

This `ClusterAutoscaler` resource definition shows the parameters and sample values for the cluster autoscaler.

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: "autoscaling.openshift.io/v1"
kind: "ClusterAutoscaler"
metadata:
  name: "default"
spec:
  podPriorityThreshold: -10 # <1>
  resourceLimits:
    maxNodesTotal: 24 # <2>
    cores:
      min: 8 # <3>
      max: 128 # <4>
    memory:
      min: 4 # <5>
      max: 256 # <6>
    gpus:
      - type: nvidia.com/gpu # <7>
        min: 0 # <8>
        max: 16 # <9>
      - type: amd.com/gpu
        min: 0
        max: 4
  logVerbosity: 4 # <10>
  scaleDown: # <11>
    enabled: true # <12>
    delayAfterAdd: 10m # <13>
    delayAfterDelete: 5m # <14>
    delayAfterFailure: 30s # <15>
    unneededTime: 5m # <16>
    utilizationThreshold: "0.4" # <17>

>   expanders: Random # <18>

Reviewer: should be `expanders: ["Random"]`

<14> Optional: Specify the period to wait before deleting a node after a node has recently been _deleted_. If you do not specify a value, the default value of `0s` is used.
<15> Optional: Specify the period to wait before deleting a node after a scale down failure occurred. If you do not specify a value, the default value of `3m` is used.
<16> Optional: Specify a period of time before an unnecessary node is eligible for deletion. If you do not specify a value, the default value of `10m` is used.

> <17> Optional:  Specify the _node utilization level_. Nodes below this utilization level are eligible for deletion. If you do not specify a value, the default value of `10m` is used.

Reviewer 2: _node utilization level_
I think italics is not required?

+

> The node utilization level is the sum of the requested resources divided by the allocated resources for the node, and must be a value greater than `"0"` but less than `"1"`. If you do not specify a value, the cluster autoscaler uses a default value of `"0.5"`, which corresponds to 50% utilization. This value must be expressed as a string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The node utilization level is the sum of the requested resources divided by the allocated resources for the node, and must be a value greater than `"0"` but less than `"1"`. If you do not specify a value, the cluster autoscaler uses a default value of `"0.5"`, which corresponds to 50% utilization. You must express this value as a string.
```

<18> Optional: Specify any expanders that you want the cluster autoscaler to use.
The following values are valid:
+
--

> * `LeastWaste`: Selects the machine set that minimizes idle CPU after scaling.
> If multiple machine sets would yield the same amount of idle CPU, the selection minimizes unused memory.
> * `Priority`: Selects the machine set with the highest user-assigned priority.
> To use this expander, you must create a config map that defines the priority of your machine sets.
> For more information, see "Configuring a priority expander for the cluster autoscaler."
> * `Random`: (Default) Selects the machine set randomly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `LeastWaste`: Selects the machine set that minimizes the idle CPU after scaling.
If multiple machine sets provide the same amount of idle CPU, the selection minimizes unused memory.
* `Priority`: Selects the machine set with the highest user-assigned priority.
To use this expander, you must create a config map that defines the priority of your machine sets.
For more information, see "Configuring a priority expander for the cluster autoscaler".
* `Random`: Selects the machine set randomly. This is the default value.
```

--
+
If you do not specify a value, the default value of `Random` is used.
+
You can specify multiple expanders by using the `[LeastWaste, Priority]` format.
The cluster autoscaler applies each expander according to the specified order.
+
In the `[LeastWaste, Priority]` example, the cluster autoscaler first evaluates according to the `LeastWaste` criteria.

> If more than one machine set satisfies the `LeastWaste` criteria equally well, the cluster autoscaler then evaluates according to the `Priority` criteria.

Reviewer 2: I think "equally well" is not required. It does not add any value to the statement?

Author: Yeah, in this case it matters. To say just that it "satisfies" the criteria is a bit meaningless.  The lowest number will always "satisfy" it. What we care about here is when there is a tie for that lowest number - i.e., when more than one machine set satisfies the criteria equally.

> If more than one machine set satisfies the `LeastWaste` criteria equally well, the cluster autoscaler then evaluates according to the `Priority` criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than one machine set satisfies the `LeastWaste` criteria, the cluster autoscaler evaluates according to the `Priority` criteria.
```

> If more than one machine set satisfies all specified expanders equally well, the cluster autoscaler selects one to use at random.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If more than one machine set satisfies all the specified expanders, the cluster autoscaler selects one to use at random.
```
